README.md, before:

# PipelineProcessor Plugin for Graylog

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-pipeline-processor.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-pipeline-processor)

__Use this paragraph to enter a description of your plugin.__

**Required Graylog version:** 2.0 and later

Installation
------------

This plugin is included by default in Graylog 2.0 tarballs and packages,
so you do not need to install it by hand.

For now we do not provide individual releases of the plugin, but you can still
find it inside the Graylog tarball available in the [downloads page](https://www.graylog.org/download/).
The plugin is located in the `plugin` directory of the tarball.

Once you get the `.jar` file from the tarball, place it in your Graylog plugin
directory. The plugin directory is the `plugins/` folder relative from your
`graylog-server` directory by default and can be configured in your
`graylog.conf` file.

Restart `graylog-server` and you are done.

Development
-----------

You can improve your development experience for the web interface part of your plugin
dramatically by making use of hot reloading. To do this, do the following:

* `git clone https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog2-server.git`
* `cd graylog2-server/graylog2-web-interface`
* `ln -s $YOURPLUGIN plugin/`
* `npm install && npm start`

Usage
-----

__Use this paragraph to document the usage of your plugin__

Getting started
---------------

This project is using Maven 3 and requires Java 8 or higher. The plugin will require Graylog 2.0.0 or higher.

* Clone this repository.
* Run `mvn package` to build a JAR file.
* Optional: Run `mvn jdeb:jdeb` and `mvn rpm:rpm` to create a DEB and RPM package respectively.
* Copy generated JAR file in target directory to your Graylog plugin directory.
* Restart the Graylog.

Plugin Release
--------------

We are using the maven release plugin:

```
$ mvn release:prepare
[...]
$ mvn release:perform
```

This sets the version numbers, creates a tag and pushes to GitHub. Travis CI will build the release artifacts and upload to GitHub automatically.

Commit message:

Add note about merge into graylog2-server

README.md, after:

# DEPRECATION NOTICE

This project has been merged into [graylog2-server](https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog2-server), see [#216](https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-pipeline-processor/issues/216)

Please use the [issue tracker in the graylog2-server repository](https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog2-server/issues) for any feature requests or bug reports.

----

# Pipeline Processor Plugin for Graylog

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-pipeline-processor.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Graylog2/graylog-plugin-pipeline-processor)

__Use this paragraph to enter a description of your plugin.__

**Required Graylog version:** 2.0 and later

Installation
------------

This plugin is included by default in Graylog 2.0 tarballs and packages,
so you do not need to install it by hand.

For now we do not provide individual releases of the plugin, but you can still
find it inside the Graylog tarball available in the [downloads page](https://www.graylog.org/download/).
The plugin is located in the `plugin` directory of the tarball.

Once you get the `.jar` file from the tarball, place it in your Graylog plugin
directory. The plugin directory is the `plugins/` folder relative from your
`graylog-server` directory by default and can be configured in your
`graylog.conf` file.

Restart `graylog-server` and you are done.

Development
-----------

You can improve your development experience for the web interface part of your plugin
dramatically by making use of hot reloading. To do this, do the following:

* `git clone https://github.com/Graylog2/graylog2-server.git`
* `cd graylog2-server/graylog2-web-interface`
* `ln -s $YOURPLUGIN plugin/`
* `npm install && npm start`

Usage
-----

__Use this paragraph to document the usage of your plugin__

Getting started
---------------

This project is using Maven 3 and requires Java 8 or higher. The plugin will require Graylog 2.0.0 or higher.

* Clone this repository.
* Run `mvn package` to build a JAR file.
* Optional: Run `mvn jdeb:jdeb` and `mvn rpm:rpm` to create a DEB and RPM package respectively.
* Copy generated JAR file in target directory to your Graylog plugin directory.
* Restart the Graylog.

Plugin Release
--------------

We are using the maven release plugin:

```
$ mvn release:prepare
[...]
$ mvn release:perform
```

This sets the version numbers, creates a tag and pushes to GitHub. Travis CI will build the release artifacts and upload to GitHub automatically.
